Github: [Tell Me What to Eat](https://github.com/ravisraval/TellMeWhatToEat)


Tell Me What To Eat is a decision-making app that uses an algorithm-like process to reduce choice and make satisfying but less difficult choices.

## Background and Overview

  TellMeWhatToEat solves one of the world's most pressing issues: what should we eat tonight? Who will decide this for us? With so many choices, how can we possibly decide? "Choice overload is a real thing, and that's what we're addressing" - Syrie Bianco. Using your current location, TellMeWhatToEat generates a customized suggestion just for you. Optionally, put in some filters. Want cheap, hot food? We got you. Need to take the prime minister of Malaysia out for a fancy shmancy meal? Let us know, and we'll send you a top shelf suggestion.

## Functionality and MVP
  - Users can immediately click a button to generate a small list of random food/restaurant choices based on user location.
  - Users can optionally add in filters &/or answer questions to narrow down what food they want.
  - Users can create accounts. They can store moods, preferences, revisit them later.
  - Use these preferences to bias search results and generate more accurate/personalized recommendations.

## Technologies and Technical Challenges
###### Tech Stack
  *  Backend: Node.js with an Express.js framework and a PostGreSQL database
  *  Frontend: React with a Redux architecture

###### Retrieving Restaurant Data
The first technical challenge will be to retrieve data from existing databases, storing it on the front end during the user interaction, and selectively rendering that information.

The external API we will be using to collect these data are:
  *  Yelp Fusion API to retrieve restaurant database
  *  FourSquare API to enhance restaurant information with individual menu items

###### Filtering & Processing Restaurant Data

  Upon User inputs location, which makes an API call to Yelp and FourSqure and loads a list of restaurants that deliver to that location.
  * The user will then input data that will filter results according, and return a list of meaningful restaurant/menu item choices

###### Sorting Data According to User Input
  *  Generating useful algorithms by which to sort user

## Things Accomplished Over the Weekend
  *  Full stack setup: React, Express, NodeJS, Webpack, PostegreSQL.
  *  Authentication setup.

## Group Members and Work Breakdown
  *  Aaron

  *  Ravi

  *  Syrie

shit to do:

day 0: Stack set-up, front- and back-end auth
day 1: Experimenting and finalizing API integration
day 2: Building out react components
day 3: Building out react components
day 4: Perfecting filtering algorithms and UX
day 5: Styling and continue perfecting algorithms and UX
day 6: Bonus features and bug-testing,
day 7: Styling, seeding and setting pre-set preferences

Component Hierarchy:
  - Nav Bar
  - Landing Page
  - Filter
  - Filter results
  - User profile Page
  - Preference form
  - Restaurant List form
  - Session Forms
  - Footer


  backend:
  * designing schema:
    * tables:
      - Users
      - Sessions
      - Restaurants
      - Preference Lists // Moods ??
    * join tables:
      - likes?
      - Previous Orders
  adding users, restaurants,

  Frontend:
  * what pages:
    - landing page
    - The filtering/main product
    - User Dashboard
      - personal stats
      - pages for making lists
      - default preferences
      - customizable preference settings
    - Global Stats
      - top restaurants/lists/preferences/meals of the week, etc
    - Restaurant show pages?

running considerations:
- staff curated/ built-in default lists/preferences

  Bonus:

## Proposal must have a day-by-day breakdown for each individual. See sample proposal for clarification.

## Plan for getting users and reviews (if your app is a downloadable app)
  *  Guerrilla Marketing
  *  Trickle-down VC $$
  *  Google AdWords
  *  Flyers at your local flea market
  *  Social Media Campaign


## STRETCH GOALS:
*  Add in specific meals for recommendations.
*  Visualize user preferences on a user dashboard.
*  Pixel-perfect mobile-responsive design.
*  Mobile App





## Mega Boilerplate App (Node.js)

Generated by http://megaboilerplate.com

### Configuration
- **Platform:** node
- **Framework**: express
- **Template Engine**: jade
- **CSS Framework**: bootstrap
- **CSS Preprocessor**: sass
- **JavaScript Framework**: react
- **Build Tool**: webpack
- **Unit Testing**: mocha
- **Database**: postgresql
- **Authentication**: facebook,email,google
- **Deployment**: heroku

### License
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Sahat Yalkabov

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
